[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The first
stop on Luffy's journey
is Fishman Island, thousands
of feet below sea level,
where his crew becomes
involved in a civil war.
After meeting with Jimbei
in the Sea Forest,
they learn of the island's hero,
Fisher Tiger, who freed
the slaves from Marie Jois
and formed the Sun Pirates.
However, when he faced
an untimely death,
his crew was left to pick up
the pieces of his dream.
[SUN PIRATES crying]
[SUN PIRATES]
No!
[LUFFY] "The Sun Pirates Split!
Jimbei vs. Arlong!"
[JIMBEI] That is how our captain
and our hero met his end--
not in triumph, but in tragedy.
It is etched into my mind--
a scene that will never fade.
[JIMBEI]
Tiger's death...
I believe you all know
how painful it was for us.
Suddenly, we were
a crew without a captain.
We felt so lost, and then
we began to splinter apart.
[thud]
[HACHI grunting]
Arlong! Please stay back!
Don't hurt any humans?
What a load of crap!
See what happens to us
when we show them mercy?
Get offa me!
[HACHI groans]
[ARLONG]
Brother Tai, he was a damn fool!
You're wrong!
[ARLONG grunts]
Wait! No!
Arlong!
Sorry, Tiger, but you're wrong.
I'll never forgive them!
[MARINES groan]
All right, you punks!
Get ready to die!
A Fishman? He must be from--
[ARLONG laughs]
[MARINE groans]
[ARLONG laughing]
He's awful noisy, isn't he?
[ARLONG groans]
[KIZARU]
Arlong, was it?
So what brings you here?
You wanna start
trouble that bad?
[ARLONG gasps]
Not too smart if you ask me.
Outta my way!
I'm goin' after all the lousy
humans who betrayed my captain!
And you Navy scum can't stop me!
[KIZARU]
Oh, so this is about revenge.
Damn straight!
You killed Fisher Tiger!
I don't care what happens to me,
but you deserve to die!
Oh, so your friend
is dead. I see.
[ARLONG gasps]
[KIZARU]
Well, you can cry if you like,
but either way,
you're coming with me now.
[ARLONG growls]
Arlong was enraged
by Brother Tiger's death.
He took his anger out on humans,
and was imprisoned as a result.
There, his hatred grew.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL buzzing]
If he had a transfusion,
he'd be fine!
Instead, he had to die because
they refused to treat Fishmen!
He brought that little
girl back to her family,
and you repaid
that by killing him!
[JIMBEI] "Fisher Tiger,
Captain of the Sun Pirates,
Dies After Being Denied
a Transfusion of Human Blood."
Not quite, though it is close.
Regardless, the captain's dead,
and humans played a big role.
Arlong lied to them.
Why would he do such a thing?
Good for him.
The truth is a lot worse.
Tiger chose to save that girl
despite his own prejudice.
Yet humans still betrayed him,
so he coldly refused
to accept their blood.
On top of that, he was a slave.
If any of this became public,
they would have attacked
Tiger's character,
so let Arlong tell
his little white lies.
[HACHI]
Nyu!
Hey! Captain Jimbei!
Enemy ship ahead!
The boss may not be with us,
but we still have
to keep moving forward!
Prepare yourselves!
Follow Tiger's wishes
and do not kill anyone!
[SUN PIRATES]
Yeah!
[JIMBEI]
From that day forward,
I bore the title
"First Son of the Sea,"
and fought to do my best as
Captain of the Sun Pirates.
Though in truth,
fighting seemed to be
the only thing
our crew was doing.
[NEPTUNE]
"I am writing this because
I thought that the two
of you deserved to know
the whole truth
about what happened."
Signed, "Jimbei,
Captain of the Sun Pirates."
My mind's made up.
[NEPTUNE]
In the end,
Fisher Tiger lived the
only way that he knew how.
Poor soul.
I finally understand the
pain that he felt that day.
As their leader,
I must remain strong.
I won't give in!
We too shall live under the sun,
and try to understand
one another!
If I may...
Signing here is the
first step to harmony!
With all due respect,
Queen Otohime,
you must be out of your mind!
Fisher Tiger freed countless
slaves, both Fishman and human!
He didn't care about
what race they were!
Yet humans still
refused to help him!
Who cares about understanding?
[OTOHIME] Another fruitless
day without any signatures.
[GROUP]
Mother!
My sweet children!
Hey, Mother? Are you okay?
[MANBOSHI, RYUBOSHI] Yeah,
what's wrong? You look so sad!
Mother, you really
need some rest!
Aww.
You children brighten my day.
I'm fine. Don't worry!
Okay, I won't!
[ALL]
If you say so, Mother!
I'll keep doing my best...
...to make this world
a better place for everyone!
[JIMBEI] Queen Otohime was
working so hard, day after day.
[JIMBEI] She rescued
humans from shipwrecks.
[MEN groaning]
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Are you all right?
[AMMO KNIGHT B]
Pirates must have hit them.
[MAN A groans]
Please help me.
[OTOHIME]
Don't worry, we're here.
Bring the wounded to the island!
[JIMBEI] She taught the island
children about the world above.
[OTOHIME]
Does anybody remember
what this area with many
trees is called? You, there!
[MERCHILD A]
Forest, like the Sea Forest!
[JIMBEI]
And collected signatures.
[BOTH whimper]
[OTOHIME]
Please wait!
[BOTH panting]
[OTOHIME] I just need
a moment of your time!
[JIMBEI]
However...
[FISHMAN G]
Queen Otohime!
Oh! Hello, again!
Thank you for showing
your support the other day!
Actually, about that...
We're curious...
How many signatures do you have?
Well, I've been collecting
them for five years now.
One hundred sheets
have been signed,
with each containing
ten signatures.
So that adds up
to 1,000 supporters!
Still, the population of
the island is five million
so we're not done yet.
Step by step, right?
[FISHMAN G]
Um...
We have kind of
a big favor to ask.
We'd like to withdraw
our signatures.
They total about
half of what you have.
Does that... sound okay?
Huh?
You must not have
heard about it, but...
...those human pirates that
you rescued the other day...
[FISHMAN H] ...they
committed a robbery in town
before escaping from the island.
Your Majesty...
Queen Otohime!
Oh, hello, children! Are you
ready for another lesson yet?
[CHILDREN shouting]
[FISHBOY A]
'Scuse me.
My mom wants that paper
I signed the other day back!
I found it! Yeah! Got it, Mommy!
[CHILDREN shouting, laughing]
[gasps]
May I help you?
I do hope there's
no hard feelings,
what with you being
the queen and all.
We just can't do it.
Humans are too evil.
[MERMAN A]
We'll pass on the speeches, too.
[FISHMAN K]
Yeah. Sorry about all this.
[FISHMAN L]
We've just had enough.
[RYUBOSHI, MANBOSHI]
Ah!
[SHIRAHOSHI giggles]
Surprise, Mommy!
Did we scare you?
[OTOHIME yawns]
What an exhausting day!
I think I might have
overdone it a bit out there.
I'm sorry, sweeties,
but could you give your
mother some alone time today?
Huh?
[OTOHIME crying]
[sobbing]
[NEPTUNE]
Mm...
[loudspeaker blares]
[OTOHIME]
You... [panting]
You're all... liars!
[FISHMEN, MERFOLK
gasping, chattering]
[yells]
Your Majesty!
This is on the air!
Everyone can hear you!
[OTOHIME hiccups]
Why don't you shaddup...
...Mister at the Left!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Majesty!
Have you been drinking?
Mind your bizness, got it?
Leaf me alone!
I'm not... drunk at all.
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Yes, you are! Goodness!
[MERMAN B]
What's happening?
[FISHWOMAN B]
Is that really Queen Otohime?
[OTOHIME]
Everybody better lissen to me!
You can live however you want!
If that means
staying in this island,
then I can't stop you,
neither can anyone else!
But in the vastness
of the ocean, so broad,
and on the seafloor,
foreboding and dark.
[yells]
[OTOHIME] We chose this tiny
place and this place alone!
Do you have any idea why?
Queen Otohime...
[OTOHIME]
Isn't it because this is where
we can get a bit of sunlight?
Where we can get a bit of air?
Luxuries down here are
plentiful above ground!
Light illuminates
the entire surface,
and the sky stretches
out as far as you can see!
[OTOHIME]
Our children--
why do they always sneak out to
catch a glimpse of Sabaody Park?
Huh?
[OTOHIME crying]
Can't ya see?!
The world is filled
with more beauty
than any of us can even imagine!
There's no place that we
shouldn't be able to go.
Why restrict ourselves
to this bubble?
I know you tell yourselves
life down here is comfortable,
that you're safe.
Do you want to spend
the rest of your lives trapped?
Dig deep! Summon your courage!
Once you have it,
pursue your dreams!
No matter the cost!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Your Majesty...
If humans stand in your way,
we'll face them together!
You don't have to confront
your fears alone!
And maybe then...
...we can finally make
a difference for the future--
for our children,
for the island.
Even if it's just a small one!
[OTOHIME crying]
It's rough. I left my family
behind on Fishman Island.
My wife and kids.
Hope they're doin' okay.
[ALADDIN] Going home again
isn't that simple. Not for us.
We're escaped slaves,
and pirates to boot,
so we gotta put our
own dreams on hold.
We might be stuck sailing
for the rest of our lives.
[gasps] I'm sorry.
Y'know, I'm sure my
family's doin' okay!
My goodness,
you've seen better days.
[STRAWBERRY]
He was formidable.
I see.
He certainly did
a number on you, didn't he?
[STRAWBERRY]
Arlong...
...the Fishman that we just
locked up in Impel Down?
He was nothing...
...but you have to watch
out for this one.
Jimbei!
[inaudible]
He's quite strong, even
by Fishman standards.
He's far too dangerous at large.
We should bring him in.
Huh...
[JIMBEI]
Unbelievable!
Me, in the Seven Warlords?
Oh, it's not that surprising!
You're worth 250 million.
With a bounty that big,
they definitely see you as a
threat to the World Government!
That's the highest
praise a pirate
can get from those chumps!
Macro's right! They're
finally taking us seriously!
All you need to
do is reject them!
That'll really help us
pile on the notoriety!
No one will ever
mess with us! Choo!
My mind is made up.
I'm going to take
the Navy's offer.
[SUN PIRATES]
What?!
[NEPTUNE]
Welcome home, Jimbei!
I heard about the
Seven Warlords proposal.
[JIMBEI] If I join, Aladdin
and the other crew members
who do not wish to be pirates
no longer have to be.
They can live in this country
without fear of retribution.
It's a way for me
to take care of my men.
But more importantly,
if I do become a Warlord,
it will help the Fishmen become
closer to the World Government.
We need that relationship.
I can atone for all the trouble
that we've caused the queen.
[NEPTUNE]
Mm... Thank you.
At the moment, she's...
not feeling very well.
In the end, we might
see Tiger's dream:
Liberation and freedom
for all Fishmen, everywhere!
Though, then again,
we'd have to watch our own.
There are some less
deserving of amnesty.
[SUN PIRATES shouting]
[HACHI]
Arlong! [laughs]
[SUN PIRATE G]
Welcome back, buddy!
[CHOO]
It's really you!
[SUN PIRATES shouting, cheering]
[JIMBEI grunts]
[JIMBEI] If you have
something to say to me,
then you'd better speak up now!
You expect a thank you?
For becoming a sell out?
You may have set me free,
but the Navy owns you!
Have you forgotten what
Brother Tai said before he died?
You mustn't let anger and
bitterness overwhelm you!
Tch!
Sounds to me like
you've gotten soft.
Sure, I'd probably be safer
if I followed your lead,
but there's no way
in hell I'm doing that!
You can't make me stay!
In case you forgot,
Tiger is dead!
Which means I'm free--
free to lead my own crew!
Now if you'll excuse me,
I'll be taking back my men.
Got a problem with that?
You fool.
You damn ignorant fool.
Hey, now, enough
with the name-calling.
Let's end this...
...right now, just you and me!
What? Arlong, no!
[ARLONG] If you don't
do it, I'm free to go.
Fair warning--I won't
go down easily.
You'll have to kill me!
Arrogant punk!
[ARLONG groaning]
Don't do this!
[chuckles]
[ARLONG]
That's more like it!
[ARLONG growls]
[JIMBEI grunts]
[ARLONG groans]
[HACHI whimpers]
[HACHI]
Please, stop it!
Jimbei, no!
[ARLONG groans]
[JIMBEI panting]
[JIMBEI]
Do whatever you want!
[HACHI, CHOO]
Arlong!
[ALADDIN]
I wouldn't dwell on it.
There's nothing
you could've done.
You've known each other
since childhood, after all.
Like him or not, he's still
like a brother to you.
And you're no killer.
He's blinded by hate.
He'll never understand what
Tiger meant by his dying words!
[ALADDIN] It doesn't
matter how far he goes.
As long as Arlong
engages in violence,
the Navy will be after him.
Worse comes to worst--
we may have to stop Arlong
ourselves one day, at any cost!
Only time will tell.
[MACRO] Look, I'd love to
stay and chat, Captain Jimbei,
but we're headed out, too.
Good luck. You're gonna need it.
[SUN PIRATE A]
Macro, come back here!
If they want to leave, let 'em.
[MACRO]
So long, suckers!
Damn it. He's stronger
than I realized.
[HACHI]
Nyu...
Hachi, you can't look back.
[HACHI whimpers]
The Sun Pirates split
into three groups,
with Arlong, Macro,
and myself as captains.
And ever since then,
we have continued going
our separate ways.
[NARRATOR]
Jimbei accepts a position
as a Warlord of the sea,
granting freedom to the
Fishmen who fought beside him.
Returning home at long last,
they look forward to an era
of peace led by Queen Otohime.
However, the appearance
of a Celestial Dragon
places the future
of their island in jeopardy.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Shaking Fishman Island!
A Celestial Dragon Drifts In!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!